chunk0.wav: ...Audio unclear...
chunk1.wav: thank you it's a great pleasure and a great place to be here this evening and little overwhelming a finite and I am overweight
chunk2.wav: honour 20 years in the bearing bearing capacity sadaiv try to work in in India the most fascinating period time that had is in the automotive area uitableview businesses truly innovative and a tremendously rewarding distance it has more excitement and any other places I've been involved in and the greatest pleasure and had is trying to do something that everybody is Karan or Preeta
chunk3.wav: largest share pads a moment in time which I will always Cherish I decided that in you could produce its own card everybody my friends Overseas in the automobile business said this can be done we have to go through collaboration to get no Hath ke Technology
chunk4.wav: undertake to produce this car is images in the video is called the Indica every produced it in Indian totally of Indian content as weak as we got close to put against the mark
chunk5.wav: in India distance in cell should be otherwise known as distancing yourself from failure
chunk6.wav: when the car came out
chunk7.wav: taklif help with I did have a friend in the world in the morning 6 people it given me problem going to come through the correct did come out hidden a 20% market share in We should that we could do something to dimag Din involved in business there hasn't been anything that is equal excitement award in the acceleration that the car industry has provided and can provide it is it has been said earlier an opportunity to test new technologies new building methods that above all it is helped in the transformational to Indian economy to mobile economy a great deal of what has happened in English happen right here in Detroit the world there is a great deal to the United States for doing what it takes to get the car in history to be taken for granted the rest of the world as it has over the year it's a great pleasure to be involved in the industry in a very humbling recognition to receive the war between the store today I will this to my colleagues in the company who have transferred his presence in I would like to saying the automotive news to put together this what to say how much I cherish being included in the Hall Of Fame thank you so much
chunk8.wav: ...Audio unclear...
chunk9.wav: ...Audio unclear...
chunk10.wav: capacity sadaiv try to work in
chunk11.wav: ...Audio unclear...
chunk12.wav: most fascinating time
chunk13.wav: in the audible today
chunk14.wav: horror movie businesses
chunk15.wav: ...Audio unclear...
chunk16.wav: tremendously rewarding
chunk17.wav: ...Audio unclear...
chunk18.wav: has more excitement in any other suicide been involved in
chunk19.wav: ...Audio unclear...
chunk20.wav: greatest pleasure ever had
chunk21.wav: trying to do something that everybody says could not be done
chunk22.wav: share price
chunk23.wav: ...Audio unclear...
chunk24.wav: remove time with
chunk25.wav: movies Chehra
chunk26.wav: I decided that you could produce its own car
chunk27.wav: everybody bhai friends overseas
chunk28.wav: Google business
chunk29.wav: this could be done we have to go through collaboration
chunk30.wav: new technology
chunk31.wav: undertake to produce this car
chunk32.wav: images of
chunk33.wav: video school the Indica
chunk34.wav: reproduced
chunk35.wav: Indian totally of Indian
chunk36.wav: close to
chunk37.wav: the mark
chunk38.wav: in India
chunk39.wav: distance in cell should be
chunk40.wav: distancing yourself from failure
chunk41.wav: ...Audio unclear...
chunk42.wav: ...Audio unclear...
chunk43.wav: Band Karke
chunk44.wav: significance
chunk45.wav: friend in the world in the morning sweet people giving me
chunk46.wav: return true
chunk47.wav: did come
chunk48.wav: 20% market share
chunk49.wav: can we sure that we could be something time at pin in wall
chunk50.wav: there hasn't been anything that is equal to the excitement
chunk51.wav: ...Audio unclear...
chunk52.wav: exhilaration that the car industry has provided in Kanpur
chunk53.wav: ...Audio unclear...
chunk54.wav: earlier in opportunity to
chunk55.wav: new technologies new building method
chunk56.wav: ...Audio unclear...
chunk57.wav: in the transformation of the Indian economy
chunk58.wav: new mobile
chunk59.wav: ...Audio unclear...
chunk60.wav: what has happened in India happen right here in Detroit
chunk61.wav: it's a great deal to the United States for doing what it did to get
chunk62.wav: car industry
chunk63.wav: ...Audio unclear...
chunk64.wav: for granted the rest of the world
chunk65.wav: ...Audio unclear...
chunk66.wav: great pleasure to be involved in the industry
chunk67.wav: very humbling
chunk68.wav: recognition to receive the work with in the store today
chunk69.wav: this to my colleagues in the company who have transformed this business in I
chunk70.wav: I like to say
chunk71.wav: what about you
chunk72.wav: news today
chunk73.wav: how to say How much I chat Siri
chunk74.wav: included in the Hall Of Fame thank you so much
chunk75.wav: ...Audio unclear...
